this is another old CD video
my family and I came here today for my
modest birthday like kind of based on
you personally for now so yeah this is
what I were and explain it later so this
is the building and its really nice
old-fashioned
so this is a waiting room but they're
having a bridal fair so there is a
wedding dress
really fancy nice chairs
and I really love the lights and
especially this one the chandelier
so this is going to old like a wooden
hallway this really hot though
this is the part of the fair and this is
a Japanese style wedding dress and a for
the groom to
for skittish it
the today's top is from zara this is a
few years back this is like a ship owned
so it's really light of what you can
kind of see through and the bottom is a
short pass from another one from zara
and i just got them on sale and it's a
cotton and is really simple and it's
longer than the actual like short pants
so it's easy to wear and the shoes are
from Topshop and I bought in my god two
years ago I think we're maybe last year
right really like it's really liked all
it's not easy to walk around but today I
was driving so it's okay and the bag is
just a word from zara and I bought I
bought in LA so I guess it was the end
of last year and the watch is for
Michael course and I think it was a
wrong way and the bracelet is from
illness
and earrings this is from loves charms
and this is my friends company and she
designs it and she makes mix it by
herself with her friend I really love it
because it's combining with the silver
and gold so is it worth and you can mix
with the gold and silver ice wall and
the sunglasses from Raven yeah that's
about it so